CLUSTER FINDING AND MASS ESTIMATION
DONE:
1. Removed galaxies near large masked areas and edge regions
2. Correct for Malmquist bias - Cut data at peak of abs mag
3. Obtain cluster sample for 0.5 < z < 2.5
    3.1 Velocity selection with v <= 2000km/s
    3.2 Interloper removal (3sigma cutting)
4. Do a sensitivity test for R and D by catalog matching and richness tests
    4.1 Deep field catalog, Cosmic web catalog, ultra-deep catalog
5. Obtain mass estimates
    5.1 Compare projected and virial masses



TO DO: (not in order of importance)
1. Check through sample and filter cluster near edges
2. Select 4 random clusters, perform some dynamical analysis to check results
    2.1 Plot their velocity dispersion against radius dependence
    2.2 Plot their galaxy locations
4. Perform bootstrapping to calculate uncertainties
    4.1 Quantities to calculate uncertainty: cluster mass, velocity dispersion, virial radius
5. Obtain parameters for all clusters and add to DB
    1. Cluster Mass before interloper removal 
    2. Cluster Mass after interloper removal
    3. Virial radius
    4. Cluster velocity dispersion
    5. Lumonosity of 4 brightest members
6. Make the following decisions to FoF algorithm:
    6.1 Decide whether to include convergent estimation of r200 in interloper removal (is r200 really reliable?)
7. How to determine radii of clusters?
  7.1 Using r200?
  7.2 Plot clusters and look at the centralised region
  7.3 Largest projected separation between center and member galaxy


SEMI IMPORTANT
1. Apply mass weighting to virial_mass_estimator
2. Compare sample masses with catalogue masses


ANALYSIS - HALF QUANTITATIVE, HALF QUALITATIVE
7. Compare evolution of substructure in clusters [DYNAMICAL STATE]
    1. Identify substructure with substructure tests (Dressler & Shectman, 1988)
8. Compare evolution of density profile and compare to NFW profile [FORMATION TIME]
    1. Plot NFW profile
    2. Plot normalized median density profile (how?) wrt to radius 
9. Observe for correlation between mass change across redshift bins and expected virial relation [GLOBAL MASS FUNCTION]
    1. Bin sample into redshift bins
    2. Calculate median masses in each bin
    3. Plot mass change wrt to redshift bins
    4. Calculate KE and PE of entire cluster (how? Account for substructure, scatter?)
10. Test Press & Schechter (P&S) formalism for self-similar evolution (Qualitative?)
    1. Plot and analyze global cluster mass function (how?). 
    2. Can relate to cosmological parameters?
11. Examine differences of clusters with different N or R
12. Compare sample with SDSS sample
13. Look at unsupervised clustering methods


SELECTION CRITERIA FOR ABELL CATALOGUE
A cluster of galaxies listed in the Abell Catalogue. 
To appear in the catalogue, a cluster must satisfy selection criteria which include containing more than 50 galaxies and having a dense concentration (richness). 
The clusters are classified as regular (R) or irregular (I) in appearance, ranked in increasing richness from 1 to 5, and increasing distance from 1 to 6. 
The approximate frequency of Abell clusters is one per 2.4 × 105 cubic megaparsecs.



Feedback from presentation
- From Dr Cindy: How did you determine the d and z bins to search around?
- What is the ratio of these factors
